my name is Shawn Connolly I live in San
Francisco California I'm sponsored and I
teach skateboarding two kids and a
program that I created called SF skate
Club now what I'm here to show you today
is the front side pop shove it front
side pop shove its are a great trick
because they don't take much motion but
they go all the way around and the shove
it behind you and then you land back on
them so they're a little bit elusive
because you can't really see what
they're doing because it's slightly
behind you as well as under you so when
you're ready to learn how to do a
frontside pop shove-it want to make sure
that you know how to ollie very well and
also be able to regular back side pop
shove that's a little bit too so I
always start with my board backwards so
I actually do this trick off the nose
and use that as my tail so that after
it's done front side pop shove it in I'm
landed back on the board and I'm rolling
forward and I feel a little more
comfortable when I'm rolling on my board
regular to land a trick so what you're
going to want to do is set up with your
foot just like you would for a regular
ollie now your front foot you're going
to want to put it nice and even in the
middle of the board now you're going to
want to let it kind of hang over the
front and back side evenly you're not
going to want to have it to toe e the
reason for this is having a lot of foot
on your board is going to stop it from
doing any kind of flipping because once
you pop the front side pop shove it it
has a tendency to kind of head behind
you and you lose track of what's going
on and it may go primo on you or it may
just flip all the way over so keeping a
lot of front foot on it will stop it
from flipping now you pop the tail and
simultaneously shoot it behind you but
stay above the board at the same time
land back on the board going in the same
direction and roll away and this is how
you do a front side pop shove it my name
is Shawn Connolly I live in SF
California and I'm sponsored and teach
skateboarding to kids in the program
called SF skate Club you can learn more
about it at SF skate Club com